{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18560\viewh14560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Curtained movie screen with a neon green start button in the lower center of the window.  Game logo scrolls up like a movie credit and bounces to a rest dead-center screen.\
\
2. On clicking the 'Play', the game asks for players names. A input modulus appears on the center of the screen for each player. It has zero opacity with the exception of the input box which is black with white lettering.\
\
3. "1. Player name" and "2. Player Name"  animate to a smaller font and move to the left and right hand corners of the screen, respectively. They are in a jenky font in gold with black edging.\
\
4. "Rules are spoken allowed in an audio file with a a sense of humor thrown in.\
\
5. The curtains open and there is a black movie screen. The word Round appears at the top center of the screen with a flickering animated gif of the round number in the style of an old film strip countdown.\
\
6. The first question goes to player one. The question appears on the screen and is read aloud by the host. The multiple choice answers are read aloud by the host and then appear on the screen.\
\
7. A timer appears on the top center of the screen and begins to count down. The player has 10 seconds to answer.\
\
8.\
	a) if the player answers correctly they are told they got the answer right and 100 points are added to their score. \
\
	b) if they get they answer wrong, the host gives a snarky response to that effect, have 100 points removed and Player 2 has a chance to answer.\
		i)f player 2 gets the answer wrong they get a snarky comment about blowing chances and have 100 points removed. \
\
	c) if player one times out they are told by the host that they are out of time and the turn goes to player two.\
		i)f player 2 gets the answer wrong they get a snarky comment about blowing chances and have 100 points removed.\
\
9. Once the answer phase of the player's turn is complete a mini poster of the movie appears with information about the film (title, year released, stars, tidbit)\
\
10. It is now the next players turn and follows the same structure as player one's turn. This conclude the round.\
\
11. After three turns the word Round appears at the top center of the screen with a flickering animated gif of the next round number in the style of an old film strip countdown.\
\
12. The host explains that in the second round the points are doubled.\
\
13. The second round follows the structure of the first.\
\
14. When the game concludes a winner is declared. The word "WINNER" appears center screen with the players name. The host congratulates the player number and the game is over.}